feat: add POST `/ssh-keypair` to save ssh keypair (#1032)
lablup/backend.ai: changes/1032.feature.md

> add POST `/ssh/keypair` api to save ssh keypair manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add POST `/ssh/keypair` API to let user use their own SSH keypair instead of randomly generated one
```
